in past remedy videos you learned how
sex bacon in a bloody mary cocktail and
a cup of ginger tea can help cure a
nasty hangover in this video we'll
discuss how to keep yourself well
hydrated to both cure a hangover as well
as prevent one this first remedy is so
easy a monkey can do it let's go bananas
b-a-n-a-n-a-s alcohol can act as a
diuretic causing the body to lose
important minerals such as potassium
potassium promotes proper hydration of
the body and bananas are jammed packed
with this essential mineral in fact a
medium-sized banana contains about 422
milligrams of potassium and the prep
time is minimal just peel eat and feel
better if too many pina coladas is
what's got you aylen he'll go nuts for
this next cure coconut water not only is
coconut water delicious refreshing and
fat and cholesterol free it also has 15
times more potassium than that found in
sports drinks or the equivalent to two
small bananas not only can coconut water
help prevent dehydration it also makes
an awesome mixer for a sexy cocktail
tomato juice is an excellent source of
five in this AAC k and b6 it's also
loaded with hangover healing minerals
such as iron magnesium and hydration
regulating potassium and for those of
you who like to ease your pain with a
hair of the dog remedy tomato juice is
an essential ingredient for bloody mary
cocktail an easy way to get a huge dose
of hangover fighting vitamins and
minerals like vitamin c vitamin b12 and
potassium into your system is to opt for
supplement like this one the body
becomes deficient of vitamin b12 after
alcohol consumption and vitamin c will
help to boost your immune systems as
well as your energy
a cup of hot coffee can certainly help
get your rear and high gear in the am
but should be avoided when hungover like
alcohol coffee is also a diuretic and
drinking it will cause you to become
even more dehydrated step rather opt for
a cup of ginger and green tea ginger
root is known to help settle an upset
stomach and green tea offers free
radical fighting antioxidants as well as
a low dose of caffeine last but not
release a tall glass of not just one but
several glass bowls of water is the best
and easiest way to hydrate your body
after a long night of partying but don't
wait until the next morning be sure to
chase your temple with some good
old-fashioned h2o to help prevent your
next hangover you're invited to
subscribe to the party here or join me
on facebook for upcoming videos of
hangover cures and of course naughty
temples
ciao for now and feel free to visit in
chelsea TV